# Privacy Policy
At Quick Cleaner (hereinafter "Quick Cleaner"/"we") recognize that privacy is significant. Quick Cleaner provides this Privacy Policy to inform users of the Quick Cleaner application (the "Application" or "Applications"), the related services we provide ("Services") and the Site about our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information.
This Policy is part of our Terms of Service and applies to the information that is collected in connection with the download, installation and use of the Application , related services and the Site. By using the Application , related services or the Site You signify Your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, or with our Terms of Service, do not download, install and / or use the Application.
This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.
The Application is intended for people who are competent to contract under applicable law. Individuals who are considered a minor in applicable jurisdictions are not permitted to use this application unless the complete Agreement is seen and agreed by parents or their legal guardians under applicable law.
